---
title: "2021"
collection: 'publications'
type: 'year'
permalink: /publications/2021
---
1. Mohamed Aturban, Michael L. Nelson, and Michele C. Weigle, "Where Did the Web Archive Go?" In *Proceedings of the Theory and Practice of Digital Libraries Conference (TPDL)*. September 2021. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.05939), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#aturban-tpdl21))
1. Kritika Garg, Himarsha R. Jayanetti, Sawood Alam, Michele C. Weigle, and Michael L. Nelson, "Replaying Archived Twitter: When your bird is broken, will it bring you down?" In *Proceedings of ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. September 2021. ([BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#garg-jcdl21))
1. Shawn M. Jones, Valentina Neblitt-Jones, Michele C. Weigle, Martin Klein, and Michael L. Nelson, "It's All About The Cards: Sharing on Social Media Probably Encouraged HTML Metadata Growth," In *Proceedings of ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. September 2021. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.04116), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#jones-jcdl21a))
1. Alexander C. Nwala, Michele C. Weigle, and Michael L. Nelson, "Garbage, Glitter, or Gold: Assigning Multi-dimensional Quality Scores to Social Media Seeds for Web Archive Collections," In *Proceedings of ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. September 2021. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.02680), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#nwala-jcdl21))
1. Sawood Alam, Michele C. Weigle, and Michael L. Nelson, "Profiling Web Archival Voids for Memento Routing," In *Proceedings of ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. September 2021. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.03311), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#alam-jcdl21))
1. Abigail Mabe, Michael L. Nelson, and Michele C. Weigle, "Extending Chromium: Memento-aware Browser," In *Proceedings of ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. September 2021, poster. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.13361), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#mabe-jcdl21))
1. Shawn Jones, Michele C. Weigle, and Michael L. Nelson, "Hypercane: Intelligent Sampling for Web Archive Collections," In *Proceedings of ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. September 2021, poster. ([BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#jones-jcdl21b))
1. Dhruv Patel, Alexander C. Nwala, Michele C. Weigle, and Michael L. Nelson, "What Did It Look Like: A service for creating website timelapses using the Memento framework," In *Proceedings of ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. September 2021, poster. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.14041), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#patel-jcdl21))
1. Shawn M. Jones, Martin Klein, Herbert Van de Sompel, Michael L. Nelson, and Michele C. Weigle, "[Interoperability for Accessing Versions of Web Resources with the Memento Protocol](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-63291-5)," In *The Past Web: Exploring Web Archives*. (Daniel Gomes and Elena Demidova and Jane Winters and Thomas Risse, Eds.), Springer, 2021. ([BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#jones-memento21))
1. Shawn Jones, Michele C. Weigle, Martin Klein, and Michael L. Nelson, "Automatically Selecting Striking Images for Social Cards," In *Proceedings of ACM WebSci*. June 2021. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04899), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#jones-websci21))
