---
title: "Recent Publications and Talks"
collection: 'publications'
type: 'recent'
permalink: /publications/recent
---
1. Mohamed Aturban, Michael L. Nelson, and Michele C. Weigle, "Where Did the Web Archive Go?" In *Proceedings of the Theory and Practice of Digital Libraries Conference (TPDL)*. September 2021. ([BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#aturban-tpdl21))
1. Kritika Garg, Himarsha R. Jayanetti, Sawood Alam, Michele C. Weigle, and Michael L. Nelson, "Replaying Archived Twitter: When your bird is broken, will it bring you down?" In *Proceedings of ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. September 2021. ([BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#garg-jcdl21))
1. Shawn M. Jones, Valentina Neblitt-Jones, Michele C. Weigle, Martin Klein, and Michael L. Nelson, "It's All About The Cards: Sharing on Social Media Probably Encouraged HTML Metadata Growth," In *Proceedings of ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. September 2021. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.04116), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#jones-jcdl21a))
1. Alexander C. Nwala, Michele C. Weigle, and Michael L. Nelson, "Garbage, Glitter, or Gold: Assigning Multi-dimensional Quality Scores to Social Media Seeds for Web Archive Collections," In *Proceedings of ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. September 2021. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.02680), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#nwala-jcdl21))
1. Sawood Alam, Michele C. Weigle, and Michael L. Nelson, "Profiling Web Archival Voids for Memento Routing," In *Proceedings of ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. September 2021. ([BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#alam-jcdl21))
1. Abigail Mabe, Michael L. Nelson, and Michele C. Weigle, "Extending Chromium: Memento-aware Browser," In *Proceedings of ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. September 2021, poster. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.13361), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#mabe-jcdl21))
1. Shawn Jones, Michele C. Weigle, and Michael L. Nelson, "Hypercane: Intelligent Sampling for Web Archive Collections," In *Proceedings of ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. September 2021, poster. ([BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#jones-jcdl21b))
1. Dhruv Patel, Alexander C. Nwala, Michele C. Weigle, and Michael L. Nelson, "What Did It Look Like: A service for creating website timelapses using the Memento framework," In *Proceedings of ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. September 2021, poster. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.14041), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#patel-jcdl21))
1. Shawn M. Jones, Martin Klein, Herbert Van de Sompel, Michael L. Nelson, and Michele C. Weigle, "[Interoperability for Accessing Versions of Web Resources with the Memento Protocol](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-63291-5)," In *The Past Web: Exploring Web Archives*. (Daniel Gomes and Elena Demidova and Jane Winters and Thomas Risse, Eds.), Springer, 2021. ([BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#jones-memento21))
1. Shawn Jones, Michele C. Weigle, Martin Klein, and Michael L. Nelson, "Automatically Selecting Striking Images for Social Cards," In *Proceedings of ACM WebSci*. June 2021. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04899), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#jones-websci21))
1. Jian Wu, Md Reshad Ul Hoque, Gunnar W. Reiske, Michele C. Weigle, Brenda T. Bradshaw, Holly D. Gaff, Jiang Li, and Chiman Kwan, "A Comparative Study of Sequential Tagging Methods for Domain Knowledge Entity Recognition in Biomedical Papers," In *Proceedings of the ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. August 2020. ([BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#wu-jcdl20))
1. Lulwah Alkwai, Michael L. Nelson, and Michele C. Weigle, "Making Recommendations from Web Archives for "Lost" Web Pages," In *Proceedings of the ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL)*. August 2020. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/1908.02819), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#alkwai-jcdl20))
1. Shawn Jones, Martin Klein, Michele C. Weigle, and Michael L. Nelson, "MementoEmbed and Raintale for Web Archive Storytelling," Presented at the ACM/IEEE JCDL 2020 Workshop on Web Archiving and Digital Libraries (WADL), August 2020. ([arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/2008.00137), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#jones-wadl20a))
1. Shawn Jones, Alexander Nwala, Martin Klein, Michele C. Weigle, and Michael L. Nelson, "SHARI – An Integration of Tools to Visualize the Story of the Day," Presented at the ACM/IEEE JCDL 2020 Workshop on Web Archiving and Digital Libraries (WADL), August 2020. ([arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/2008.00139), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#jones-wadl20b))
1. Abigail Mabe, Dhruv Patel, Maheedhar Gunnam, Surbhi Shankar, Mat Kelly, Sawood Alam, Michael L. Nelson, and Michele C. Weigle, "TMVis: Visualizing Webpage Changes Over Time," Presented at the ACM/IEEE JCDL 2020 Workshop on Web Archiving and Digital Libraries (WADL), August 2020. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.02487), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#mabe-wadl20))
1. Alexander Nwala, Michele C. Weigle, and Michael L. Nelson, "365 Dots in 2019: Quantifying Attention of News Sources," Poster/demo accepted at the Computation + Journalism Symposium (symposium cancelled due to COVID-19), May 2020. ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.09989), [BibTeX](/publications/bibtex#nwala-cj20))
